So...
How can I go?
What's going on?
It's not wrong to say.
You.
Isn't this a flower?
How does this bitch know about the safe?
Isn't he a repairman?
So he must have secretly watched me prepare.
Is that true?
So let you give up completely.
So now let's talk a little.
What's in the safe?
You say it first.
Inside.
It was one of the wedding gifts I gave my husband.
That's right.
That's the ring I prepared for Thien Nhi.
He is very confident.
You must have known about insurance for a long time.
What's in the cupboard?
Following what he said will definitely not go wrong.
You are so shameless.
It's OK. I knew you would say that.
Because this is what you have prepared
Those safes are also for you to open.
Go, husband.
How do I know your mother?
What's up?
The password you set yourself will not be forgotten.
The only explanation is that this house is not yours.